RULE HIGHLIGHTS
• Baby joggers, baby strollers, skateboards, rollerblades, unauthorized bicycles or any
other wheeled device except wheelchairs for registered AWD participants are not
permitted.
• Animals of any kind, including dogs, are not allowed on the course and may not be
brought into the Start or Finish line areas. Participants needing service animals will
be allowed human escorts (see AWD rules).
• Participants may not carry an infant or child at any point on the racecourse or in the
Start or Finish line areas.
• Must be 16 years of age or older on race day to participate.
EVENT ENTRY & REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
Unless entered through Students Run LA, participants must be 16 years or older on race day to enter.
Participants 16-17 years of age must have a parent or legal guardian present to pick up the participant’s
race bib and sign the Event waiver.
Any participant not entered through Students Run LA discovered to be under the age of 16 will be
disqualified. Any parent or legal guardian who enters a person under the age of 16 and participates in the
race will be disqualified and banned from the race for a period of up to 2 years.
All participants must show a government-issued photo ID when picking up their own race number. The ID
must match the name, age, and gender of the person to whom the race number is assigned. The age of a
participant on the day of the race determines his or her age division. If, for any reason, an age verification is
requested, a birth certificate or a U.S. passport will be required in addition to a government-issued photo
ID.
Every participant must pick up his/her race number at the Health & Fitness Expo as specified in the written
instructions provided to participants. Participants may not pick up race numbers on behalf of others.
Participants registered in the Start Line Hospitality program may pick up their race numbers on race
morning or as allowed by that program.
Without exception all participants must agree to and sign the Event waiver.
Any participant seeking accommodation in respect to a disability must submit a written request to the
following email address: awd@goconqur.com. Click here for the AWD Rules.
For participants competing in the Elite Open Division, these Rules are supplemented by the Event’s Elite
Open Rules. Please contact our Elite Coordinator for a copy of these rules.
Race entry fees and ancillary purchases are non-refundable and non-transferable
under any circumstances.
RACE NUMBERS & TIMING CHIPS
No one may participate in the Event without wearing the officially issued race number bib registered to the
wearer.